README.md, before:

# DisJockey

This is a web application that hosts a Discord Bot, intended to play and track music that is played on a Discord server. It is build using .NET 5 Web API, Angular 10 and the Bot uses Discord.NET and Victoria (https://github.com/Yucked/Victoria).

I used the following repositories as a guide for my work so far, thanks to the authors of them:  
Eliza: https://github.com/Pheubel/Eliza  
StreamMusicBot: https://github.com/DraxCodes/StreamMusicBot  

# Setup

First, setup a google cloud application with access to the YouTube API, which is used to grab video details on track play.

You'll also need access to a LavaLink server (https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink). You can host one on your local machine using the latest jar files, run it Docker Container or I found a Github repo that does One click hosting to Heroku for free (https://github.com/karyeet/heroku-lavalink).

I've included a skeleton `appsettings.json` file in the root pf the repo, you'll need to populate each of the empty properties with corresponding values and put it in the API folder.

# Contributing

Currently, the project as a whole is still in early stages, but I'm fairly new to .NET and still learning! If you would like to contribute or have any tips, I'm all ears.

Commit message:

Added Logout route to AccountController. Got likes and dislikes working client-side. Added LikedByUser property to TrackDto and track.ts for client-side use. Started error interceptor to Angular to catch Http errors. Added Toastr to Angular for friendly messages. Added logout to nav component.

README.md, after:

# DisJockey

This is a web application that hosts a Discord Bot, intended to play and track music that is played on a Discord server. It is build using .NET 5 Web API, Angular 10 and the Bot uses Discord.NET and Victoria (https://github.com/Yucked/Victoria).

I used the following repositories as a guide for my work so far, thanks to the authors of them:  
Eliza: https://github.com/Pheubel/Eliza  
StreamMusicBot: https://github.com/DraxCodes/StreamMusicBot  

# Setup

First, setup a google cloud application with access to the YouTube API, which is used to grab video details on track play.

You'll also need access to a LavaLink server (https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink). You can host one on your local machine using the latest jar files, run it Docker Container or I found a Github repo that does One click hosting to Heroku for free (https://github.com/karyeet/heroku-lavalink).

I've included a skeleton `appsettings.json` file in the root pf the repo, you'll need to populate each of the empty properties with corresponding values and put it in the API folder.

# Running

You can launch the app by running `dotnet run` from inside the API folder. I've also included vscode launch options so you can debug through that.

To make changes to Angular, you'll need to run `ng build` inside the client folder, as the API needs to serve static HTML files for Discord Authentication to work (this might be possible with `ng serve` but I haven't managed it). You can use the argument `--watch` to automatically build the Angular solution when you make changes to it.

# Contributing

Currently, the project as a whole is still in early stages, but I'm fairly new to .NET and still learning! If you would like to contribute or have any tips, I'm all ears.
